d this file do:
# $ perldoc README

=head1 NAME

B<netbkpstatus>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Show only backup logs in the last --deltasecs secs. For each policy name,schedule name and Subtype (ex. immediate backup, scheduled backup, user backup, etc) show only the last one.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<netbkpstatus> 

B<netbkpstatus> [--help]

B<netbkpstatus> [--fault] [--policytype=<policy type>] [--deltasecs=<time in seconds from time()>] [--connect=<remote command>] [--nrpe]

	where:
	--help show this help
	--deltasecs=<time in seconds from time()>
		default: 1 week (60*60*24*7)
		show fault from now to --deltasecs 
	--policytype show only fault backup for this specific policy type
		Valid value: 0 or Standard, 4 or Oracle, 6 or Informix, 7 or Sybase, 8 or SharePoint,
		  10 or NetWare, 11 or DToolsSQL, 13 or Windows, 14 or OS/2, 15 or SQL-Server,
		  16 or Exchange, 17 or SAP, 18 or DB2, 19 or NDMP, 20 or FlashBackup, 22 or AFS,
		  25 or Lotus Notes, 29 or FlashBackup, 35 or NBU-Catalog, 39 or Vault, 
		  40 or VMware, 41 or Hyper-V
	--connect=<remote command su nbmaster server>
		Example: --connect='ssh root\@nbmaster.example.com'
		You may set internal variable \$CONNECT, also.
	--fault show only fault tasks
	--nrpe show output and exit status for nagios use
		--nrpe forse option --fault

=head1 COPYRIGHT

netbkpstatus is Copyright (c) 2015 Enio Carboni - Italy

netbkpstatus is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

netbkpstatus is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with offline. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

=head1 SUPPORT / WARRANTY

The netbkpstatus is free Open Source software. IT COMES WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.

